Added configurable maxChunks parameter to the FileAppendTransaction (#1300)
hashgraph/hedera-json-rpc-relay: docs/configuration.md

| `TIER_2_RATE_LIMIT`                   | "800"         | Maximum moderate request count limit used for non expensive endpoints.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `TIER_3_RATE_LIMIT`                   | "1600"        | Maximum relaxed request count limit used for static return endpoints.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `TX_DEFAULT_GAS`                      | "400000"      | Default gas for transactions that do not specify gas.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `MAX_CHUNKS`                      | "20"      | Default number of chunks for the protobuf FileAppendTransaction class to use to  when submitting a transaction to the mirror node.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FILE_APPEND_MAX_CHUNKS`                      | "20"      | Default maximum number of chunks for the `HAPI` `FileAppendTransaction` to use during contract creation submissions to consensus nodes as part of `eth_sendRawTransactionsaction`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
